what is that stuff when you get barbecue
chips what is what is barbecue first of
all it does not taste like barbecue it
has a taste and that taste is barbecue
potato chip taste it's not Barbican
orange dust whatever the flavor is your
grape flavor is doesn't taste like but
if someone gives you a basic grape
bubble gum be like oh this is great like
a grape
yeah that is true so true yeah orange
soda
yep bitch that is not Orange like what
is that
this is not the taste of orange at all
this is like orange yeah I uh that's a
higher I have a new food it's so fucking
bad dude what is barbecue potato chips
what the fuck is that taste cuz that's a
weird taste right that does not taste
like Barb's not that I tell you this
much it does not grow on the earth
whatever it is it's some long words and
some scientific sounding shit that
methylalanine yeah mile Fisk if pain
should not be putting into your body oh
there's got to be some trans fats and
then bitches - oh come on Joe
mm I say that still outstate trans fats
it's getting there though you could say
trans trans is okay you know you don't
don't deviate with new sounds with your
face yeah and mean the exact same thing
or people get furious no trans fats are
okay trans fat he'll get mad at you you
say it too much like do you just get off
on saying trends is the way you said
trans fats a lot of talk